RHIDP-4929 Moving content to dedicated titles for the Configure category (#721)
redhat-developer/red-hat-developers-documentation-rhdh: modules/authentication/proc-enabling-authentication-with-microsoft-azure.adoc

- **Application (client) ID**
- **Application (client) secret**

> . To add your Microsoft Azure credentials to {product-short}, add the following key/value pairs to your {product-short} secrets, such as `my-rhdh-secrets`:

Author: ```suggestion
. To add your Microsoft Azure credentials to {product-short}, add the following key/value pairs to link:{plugins-configure-book-url}#provisioning-your-custom-configuration[your {product-short} secrets]:
```
